Dear Sir / Madam,
We welcome you to our company.
For the purpose of industrial safety, hygiene and environmental protection, we kindly ask
you to strictly observe the following during your visit:
Smoking
Smoking is strictly banned on the entire factory premises (including e-cigarettes).
Smoking is only permitted in designated smoking areas (see information signs).
Mobile phones
Mobile phones may only be switched on outside and in the office and administrative
buildings. Mobile phones with an integrated camera (camera mobile phones) are not
permitted in the factory.
Taking photographs
Photos may only be taken inside the company premises with the approval of the escort
/ department head.
Jewellery
No watches, necklaces, earrings or bracelets may be worn anywhere in the production
area.
Production areas
Eating and drinking are forbidden in our production areas. Doors and gates are to be
kept closed at all times. You must go direct to your workplace / to the agreed operating
location in production. The entire production area (hygiene zone) wearing a head
covering (hairnet) is prescribed. Hairnet dispenser you will find at the respective entrance
doors.
Work equipment
No work equipment such as grease, paint, primer, solvents, cleaning agents and
chemicals of any kind may be used without the prior approval of those responsible for
the project management.
Only electrical operating material / tools that are in a perfect condition and bear a valid
BGV A3 test label may be operated in the 230 / 400V factory network.
Car / lorry traffic
Lorries may only be parked in the designated parking spaces. Cars are to be parked
on the parking place in front of the printing plant.
Vehicles are to be driven at 10 km / h on the factory premises. General traffic regulations
valid in Germany apply.
Data security
Data media, e.g., memory sticks, CDs / DVDs, etc., may only be used with the prior
approval of the specialist department. Programmers and laptops may only be used in
the production network after consulting the specialist department and provided that an
up-to-date anti-virus program has been installed. An IP network address is made
available after consulting with the specialist department.
Occupational safety / hygiene / environmental protection
It is absolutely essential that valid regulations concerning occupational safety, hygiene
and environmental protection are complied with (incl. workwear / visitors' clothing; the
care of wounds).
Disposal
Waste that arises must all be properly disposed of. Visitors and external companies
are responsible here.
Working with fire
Work that involves working with fire such as welding, soldering and grinding outside
the factory area and roofing work which requires the handling of open flames may only
be carried out with the prior approval of the project manager / client.
Fire alarm
Leave the building immediately if the fire alarm goes off. The alarm warns with a siren.
Go to the relevant collection points. (see attached emergency exits u. evacuation
plans)
Illness
Visitors with a reportable illness under § 42 of the German Infection Protection Law
(IfSG) may not enter the production building. Report to the person to be visited if you
suffer from one of the following illnesses or if there is any suspicion of one of these illnesses:
Typhus or paratyphoid fever, viral hepatitis A or E, cholera, shigella dysentry, salmonellosis,
other infectious gastroenteritis, infectious wounds or infectious skin diseases
You confirm acknowledgement and the obligation to disclose information with your
signature on the health questionnaire.
DPG products
No DPG products may be removed from the company premises (labels, sheets of
printing paper, wastepaper) without prior written approval.
Violations will be prosecuted in accordance with agreements we have concluded with
DPG.
Instructions issued by the staff must be followed. Violation of these regulations may result in
visitors being banned from entering the premises.
Many thanks The Plant Manager (General Manager)